.TH AI-PLAYBOOK-RUN 1 "" "ai-playbook" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ai\-playbook\-run \- Run a playbook (interactive, headless, or guided)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBai\-playbook\fR run [<slug>] [\-\-playbook <slug>] [\-\-file <path>] [\-\-assisted] [\-\-auto] [\-\-auto\-rollback] [\-\-retry] [\-\-with\-env <json>] [\-\-junit <path>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
run accepts a single playbook source, expressed one of three ways: a bare
positional <slug> (implied \-\-playbook), \-\-playbook <slug> (resolved through
the store), or \-\-file <path> (a raw markdown file rendered as\-is). Exactly
one source must be given; zero or more than one is an error.
.PP
Mode mutual\-exclusion: \-\-auto (headless) and \-\-assisted (GUIDED fullscreen)
are mutually exclusive with each other. \-\-auto\-rollback is the default\-viewer
opt\-in and is mutually exclusive with \-\-auto (auto mode rolls back by default;
use \-\-no\-auto\-rollback to opt out) and with \-\-assisted (assisted mode owns
post\-failure flow via its own manual "Roll back" button). \-\-no\-auto\-rollback
, \-\-with\-env, and \-\-junit are only valid with \-\-auto.
.PP
\-\-retry resumes the LAST FAILED run from the playbook's run journal: blocks
that succeeded are pre\-seeded as done ("done — previous run") and execution
resumes at the first failed/unrun block. It composes with every mode. A retry
refuses when the playbook changed since the failed run (content hash), says
so when there is nothing to resume, and re\-runs any completed block whose
output a remaining block consumes (from=/APB_* references are not retained
across sessions).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-playbook\fR \fI<slug>\fR
slug of a saved playbook to run
.TP
\fB\-\-file\fR \fI<path>\fR
path to a markdown file to run
.TP
\fB\-\-auto\-rollback\fR
on a step failure, automatically roll back applied steps (else a manual button)
.TP
\fB\-\-auto\fR
run headless: execute every block in order with no viewer/driver pane
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-auto\-rollback\fR
with \-\-auto, do not roll back applied steps on a failure
.TP
\fB\-\-assisted\fR
run GUIDED fullscreen: step\-by\-step confirmation in the same viewer/driver pane
.TP
\fB\-\-retry\fR
resume the last failed run from its journal: blocks that succeeded are pre\-seeded; execution resumes at the first failed/unrun block
.TP
\fB\-\-with\-env\fR \fI<json>\fR
with \-\-auto, supply env var values as inline JSON or a JSON file path
.TP
\fB\-\-junit\fR \fI<path>\fR
with \-\-auto, additionally write the run results as a JUnit\-XML report to this path (CI test\-reporter ingestion)
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
ai\-playbook run deploy\-staging
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook run \-\-file ./scratch.md \-\-assisted
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook run deploy\-staging \-\-auto \-\-with\-env '{"REGION":"us\-east\-1"}'
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook run deploy\-staging \-\-auto \-\-retry
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook run deploy\-staging \-\-auto \-\-junit reports/deploy.xml
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBai\-playbook\fR(1)
