.TH AI-PLAYBOOK-KB 1 "" "ai-playbook" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ai\-playbook\-kb \- Browse, search, and edit the two\-set knowledge base
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBai\-playbook\fR kb <show|edit|search|list> [flags]
.SH DESCRIPTION
kb browses the two knowledge sets remember/recall use: the GLOBAL file
(## System / ## User — the machine and the user, shared across projects) and
each PROJECT's file (## Environment / ## Topics — this project's setup and
domain\-specific lessons).
.PP
kb show [\-\-project <path>] [\-\-global]
    Print the knowledge sets. Default: both, exactly what recall sees for
    the cwd's project (global then project); \-\-global narrows to the
    global set; \-\-project <path> alone shows ONLY that project's set
    (the global set is suppressed unless \-\-global is also given).
.PP
kb edit [\-\-project <path>] [\-\-global]
    Open a knowledge file in $EDITOR. Default: the cwd's project file;
    \-\-global edits the global file instead; \-\-project <path> edits
    another project's file. \-\-global and \-\-project are mutually exclusive.
.PP
kb search [\-\-all] <query>
    Case\-insensitive substring search over fact bullets. Default: the
    global file plus the cwd's project file; \-\-all spans every project's
    file. Results are grouped by set/project (a resolved project name,
    else its storage key).
.PP
kb list
    The global file (size, fact count) plus every project that has a
    knowledge file (name, path, size, fact count).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-project\fR \fI<path>\fR
target this project path instead of the cwd's project root; with show (and no \-\-global) ONLY that project's set is printed (show/edit)
.TP
\fB\-\-global\fR
narrow to the global knowledge set (show), or edit the global file (edit)
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
search every project's knowledge file, not just the cwd's (search)
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
ai\-playbook kb show
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook kb edit \-\-global
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook kb search \-\-all "docker compose"
.fi
.PP
.nf
ai\-playbook kb list
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBai\-playbook\fR(1)
